Ellie, if you can't afford a designer dress, don't try to fool everyone with a knock-off, it's sad!
Someone's wearing the same dress as Miss Howard at her own party!
It's obvious Miss Howard's wearing the real deal. Clearly that other girl can't afford it.
How can you be so sure mine's fake? If you ask me, yours looks like the fake. Look at the neckline, there's loose threads.
Bullshit, your broke as hell. So what are you going to afford a real dress?
My boyfriend's loaded, so you can snag a rich girl, but I can't find a wealthy handsome man.
Just admit it's a fake ass dress, for you fool yourself in front of everybody. Take it off!
It's the real deal, Joanna, yours is fake.
Somebody get the designer, but you didn't see that come into Kelly.
The designer of this dress is at this party. Let's see you try and talk your way out of this one.
You know what, baby? I don't think she's worth her time. How about we could just get going?
What's wrong, damn? Are you still holding up on your ex?
No, babe, of course not. Just, you know, let them talk.
Hmm, yes, yes. Interesting.
Oh, shoddy crafts. This dress is a fake.